# Text_Analytics
MOTIVATION: Identifying sentiment is paramount to the public and companies for a better user experience. If there is a negative sentiment about a product, it might make less business.
OBJECTIVE: The objective of this assignment is to get practical experience in designing, implementing, running, and scientifically evaluating your classifier. You will train, validate, and evaluate the provided dataset. The assignment's goal is not just to build models but also to justify your modelling choices. During training, you could use other datasets of your choice with justification.
Task Description: Text classification is one of the standard tasks in text analytics. The assignment aims to classify a given text’s sentiment on Automotive review on ecommerce using the dataset provided. Note you must use the dataset provided. You are allowed to use other datasets with explanation.
Dataset: You will be provided a dataset containing three files: train, valid, and test CSV. You will use a train file to train your model, a validation set to find the best parameters for the model, and a test file to produce model output. Remember, you only must use the test file once and can't use it to find parameters. For the train and validation set, you will be provided a "sentiment" label, and not for the test set. Using your models, you must generate a " sentiment" label for the test set. There are different train/validation/test datasets for all students.
Model: You will select two different models/methods such that one is Unsupervised classifier, and the other is a Discriminative classifier. The model selection should be such that it provides the best performance on the given task and dataset. The better the performance of the model, the higher the marks. Note you don't have the ground truth label for the test set; that is, you must find the best model based on the validation set.
